The performance appraisal period begins on October 1st and ends
on September 30th.
It's also called the rating period.
During this time, the Supervisor,
known as a "Rater" for purposes of the performance appraisal
process, is responsible for implementing it.
The Rater establishes and communicates performance plans
near the beginning of the appraisal period,
provides feedback to Employees during progress reviews
throughout the period, conducts an annual performance appraisal
near the end of the appraisal period (in addition to ongoing
appraisals throughout the year), and recommends an overall
performance rating for each Employee at the end of the period.